updated README (#28)
arnavkapoor/number-parser: README.rst

=============
number-parser
=============
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/price-parser.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/price-parser
   :alt: Supported Python Versions

``number-parser`` is a simple library that allows you to convert numbers written in the natural
language to it's equivalent numeric forms. It currently supports cardinal numbers in the following 
languages - English, Hindi, Spanish and Russian.

Installation
============
::

    pip install number-parser

number-parser requires Python 3.6+.

Usage
=====

> The library provides two major APIs which corresponds to the following two common usages.
> 
> 1. Identifying the numbers in a text string, converting them to corresponding numeric values while ignoring non-numeric words.
> 2. Converting a single number written in words to it's corresponding integer. 
>  
> 
> Interface #1: Multiple numbers 
> --------------------------------
> 
> >>> from number_parser import parse
> >>> parse("I have two hats and thirty seven coats")
> 'I have 2 hats and 37 coats'
> >>> parse("One, Two, Three go")
> '1, 2, 3 go'
> 
> 
> Interface #2: Single number 
> --------------------------------
> 
> >>> from number_parser import parse_number
> >>> parse_number("two thousand and twenty")
> 2020
> >>> output = parse_number("not_a_number")
> >>> output
> None
> 

Reviewer: I would move the description of each function to each section:

```suggestion
The library provides two major APIs which correspond to the following two common usages.

 Multiple numbers 
------------------------
Identifies the numbers in a text string, converting them to corresponding numeric values while ignoring non-numeric words.

>>> from number_parser import parse
>>> parse("I have two hats and thirty seven coats")
'I have 2 hats and 37 coats'
>>> parse("One, Two, Three go")
'1, 2, 3 go'

Single number 
-------------------
Converting a single number written in words to it's corresponding integer. 

>>> from number_parser import parse_number
>>> parse_number("two thousand and twenty")
2020
>>> output = parse_number("not_a_number")
>>> output
None

```

Language Support
----------------

The default language is English, you can pass the language parameter with corresponding locale for other languages.

>>> from number_parser import parse, parse_number

> >>> parse("Hay tres gallinas y veintitrés patos", language = 'es')

Reviewer: Itis a good idea to follow PEP8 when using examples. To do it, you should change those cases where there is a space between "language" and the string (example: `language = 'es'` -->  `language='es'`
